README.md, before:

# SMARTBOOSTER - Core Bundle

Bundle grouping all vendor, generic utils and services that we use on each project

[![CI](https://github.com/smartbooster/core-bundle/actions/workflows/ci.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/smartbooster/core-bundle/actions/workflows/ci.yml)

## What's inside !

- Config IniOverrideConfig service to easily override php.ini options 
- Monitoring routes for uptime tracking, phpinfo debugging and more
- DataFixtures abstract helper
- Query functions to extends Doctrine DQL capacity
- SentryCallback with special CleverCloud dedicated behavior
- Utils for Array, Date, Math, Regex and String
- Validator constraints for EmailChain, Modulo, Password and more

## Installation

```bash
composer require smartbooster/core-bundle
```

### Enable Monitoring routes

To enable the monitoring routes, add the following codes to your `config/routes.yaml` file :

```yaml
_smart_core:
    resource: .
    type: smart_core
    # We recommand to restrict thoses routes on a secure subdomain 
    host: "admin.%domain%"
```

### Extra DQL functions

Add the following code to your `config/packages/doctrine.yaml` according to your missing functions needs:

```yaml
doctrine:
    # ...
    orm:
        # ...
        dql:
            string_functions:
                group_concat: Smart\CoreBundle\Query\MySQL\GroupConcat
```

### Sentry configuration

To use our SentryCallback add the following to your `config/packages/sentry.yaml` :

```yaml
when@prod:
    sentry:
        dsn: '%env(SENTRY_DSN)%'
        options:
            environment: '%env(ENVIRONMENT)%'
            before_send: 'sentry.callback.before_send'
            integrations:
                - 'Sentry\Integration\IgnoreErrorsIntegration'
        register_error_listener: false

services:
    Sentry\Integration\IgnoreErrorsIntegration:
        arguments:
            $options:
                ignore_exceptions:
                    - 'Symfony\Component\Security\Core\Exception\AccessDeniedException'
    sentry.callback.before_send:
        class: 'Smart\CoreBundle\Sentry\SentryCallback'
        factory: [ '@Smart\CoreBundle\Sentry\SentryCallback', 'getBeforeSend' ]
```

### Nelmio Security recommendations

We recommand to setup a Content Security Policy in addition to the config generated by the nelmio security recipe:

```yaml
nelmio_security:
    # ...
    
    # Content Security Policy
    csp:
        enabled: true
        hosts: []
        content_types: []
        enforce:
            # see full description below
            level1_fallback: true
            # only send directives supported by the browser, defaults to false
            # this is a port of https://github.com/twitter/secureheaders/blob/83a564a235c8be1a8a3901373dbc769da32f6ed7/lib/secure_headers/headers/policy_management.rb#L97
            browser_adaptive:
                enabled: true
            script-src:
                - 'self'
                - 'unsafe-inline'
                - 'https://maps.googleapis.com'
            block-all-mixed-content: true # defaults to false, blocks HTTP content over HTTPS transport
```

## Contributing

Pull requests are welcome.

Thanks to [everyone who has contributed](https://github.com/smartbooster/core-bundle/contributors) already.

---

*This project is supported by [SmartBooster](https://www.smartbooster.io)*

Commit message:

Add PurgerLoader service alias and ^/anonymous doc (#11)
Co-authored-by: Louis Fortunier <louis.fortunier@smartbooster.io>

README.md, after:

# SMARTBOOSTER - Core Bundle

Bundle grouping all vendor, generic utils and services that we use on each project

[![CI](https://github.com/smartbooster/core-bundle/actions/workflows/ci.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/smartbooster/core-bundle/actions/workflows/ci.yml)

## What's inside !

- Config IniOverrideConfig service to easily override php.ini options 
- Monitoring routes for uptime tracking, phpinfo debugging and more
- DataFixtures abstract helper
- Query functions to extends Doctrine DQL capacity
- SentryCallback with special CleverCloud dedicated behavior
- Utils for Array, Date, Math, Regex and String
- Validator constraints for EmailChain, Modulo, Password and more

## Installation

```bash
composer require smartbooster/core-bundle
```

### Enable Monitoring routes

To enable the monitoring routes, add the following codes to your `config/routes.yaml` file :

```yaml
_smart_core:
    resource: .
    type: smart_core
    # We recommand to restrict thoses routes on a secure subdomain 
    host: "admin.%domain%"
```

The path `^/anonymous` must have `PUBLIC_ACCESS` in the project `security.yaml` config for the probe route to be accessible without user

```yaml
# security.yaml
access_control:
    - { path: ^/anonymous, roles: PUBLIC_ACCESS }
```

### Extra DQL functions

Add the following code to your `config/packages/doctrine.yaml` according to your missing functions needs:

```yaml
doctrine:
    # ...
    orm:
        # ...
        dql:
            string_functions:
                group_concat: Smart\CoreBundle\Query\MySQL\GroupConcat
```

### Sentry configuration

To use our SentryCallback add the following to your `config/packages/sentry.yaml` :

```yaml
when@prod:
    sentry:
        dsn: '%env(SENTRY_DSN)%'
        options:
            environment: '%env(ENVIRONMENT)%'
            before_send: 'sentry.callback.before_send'
            integrations:
                - 'Sentry\Integration\IgnoreErrorsIntegration'
        register_error_listener: false

services:
    Sentry\Integration\IgnoreErrorsIntegration:
        arguments:
            $options:
                ignore_exceptions:
                    - 'Symfony\Component\Security\Core\Exception\AccessDeniedException'
    sentry.callback.before_send:
        class: 'Smart\CoreBundle\Sentry\SentryCallback'
        factory: [ '@Smart\CoreBundle\Sentry\SentryCallback', 'getBeforeSend' ]
```

### Nelmio Security recommendations

We recommand to setup a Content Security Policy in addition to the config generated by the nelmio security recipe:

```yaml
nelmio_security:
    # ...
    
    # Content Security Policy
    csp:
        enabled: true
        hosts: []
        content_types: []
        enforce:
            # see full description below
            level1_fallback: true
            # only send directives supported by the browser, defaults to false
            # this is a port of https://github.com/twitter/secureheaders/blob/83a564a235c8be1a8a3901373dbc769da32f6ed7/lib/secure_headers/headers/policy_management.rb#L97
            browser_adaptive:
                enabled: true
            script-src:
                - 'self'
                - 'unsafe-inline'
                - 'https://maps.googleapis.com'
            block-all-mixed-content: true # defaults to false, blocks HTTP content over HTTPS transport
```

## Contributing

Pull requests are welcome.

Thanks to [everyone who has contributed](https://github.com/smartbooster/core-bundle/contributors) already.

---

*This project is supported by [SmartBooster](https://www.smartbooster.io)*
